as it'll be the Toronto Blue Jays taking
on the Philadelphia Phillies and hi
again everybody Matt vasgersian here
with you as we get set for what promises
to be an entertaining ballgame and
they'll be opposed by the ageless
southpaw Jamie Moyer Scott downs will be
on the mound to face them
back his burl but this one is God hold
on
so a solo shot off the bat of Alex Rios
seven home runs for him on the year now
as the Jays get the game's first tally
it's one to nothing well the more
pitches you make a guy throw the better
the chance you're gonna get one to hit
and that's just what happened is he
drove this one right over the wall
gennadiy now we're getting a sense that
he's gonna have a tight strike zone
behind the dish
swing and a ball headed towards the hole
I'm Allen strong but he couldn't get
enough on it
scored as an infield single with one man
gone and that mrs. wall for so it's
first in second now with only one away
and he misses again ball four and that's
back-to-back guys now that have reached
base via the base on ball fell kicks and
deals swing and a ball bounced back up
the middle dive but it's just passed it
two runs of school will step in now hit
hard towards second
Serrano leads this one poor to nothing
and making his way in the short now a
double play ball here is this is on the
ground to third dive but it's by him for
a base in already eight hits a lot of
just three and a third he might be
looking at a very early shower here he
better shape it up voting well swing and
he takes this the other way too right
and that's in there base hit tell me
your step in gonna be about due to come
through swinging a ground ball towards
the middle and past the diving infield
sir and here comes rollin now I'll pull
it back up the middle and that'll get by
into centerfield for a base hit
the Blue Jays on top seven to nothing
Ryan Howard was driving hard hit to
center that's in there base hit
Carano leads this one seven to one pal
wait for that to come to you swaying in
a bullet to the right side and that'll
get down for a base hit the throw to
third
late and he's in there that's Helms will
step in hit in the air to straightaway
left
get back
the jays are out in front seven to four
and this is he a car down the left-field
line no chance at all for Burrell that's
a fair ball heading for the corner
I'm rollin we get another shot now 2 for
3 in the game
swing and a ball hit hard on the ground
is short and this is going to get down
for expirations is
the Jays lead at eight to four daviddx
time now a ball grounded to short this
could be two
that's through the left to base hit
run is in frenzy hit now a ball crushed
high in the air
way back there and that one is long
so a three-run blast is straight away
left his second home run of the game as
they have widened this lead to eight now
not like they needed any insurance runs
here but they got some anyway as they
just continue to pour it on the Blue
Jays on top 13 to 4 and this should do
it Blue Jays come away victorious here
in few years Alex Rios he's our upper
deck player of the game